Update services descriptions/API (#308)
farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit: website/docs/concepts/recorder_service/README.md

The Recorder Service is a subscriber to the following services:

- Canbus
- Filter
- GPS
- Oak (Multiple Oak topics may be available, depending on the number of Oak cameras connected,

> e.g., oak0, oak1, ...)

Reviewer: We should start making these changes to get people used to it
```suggestion
e.g., oak/0, oak/1, ...)
```

Author: Agreed. Implemented here 49f2fd94e20a76c958d302609e91d8c1a3eec936

giving insights into the robot's orientation and movement.
- `oak/left`: Outputs the feed from the stereo left camera of the Oak device.
- `oak/rgb`: Streams the stereo RGB image from the Oak device, providing full-color
visuals of the robot's environment.
- `oak/right`: Outputs the feed from the stereo right camera of the Oak device.

### System Monitor Topics

- `system_monitor/health`: Delivers health metrics for the system_monitor service,
including publishing frequency.
- `system_monitor/auto_mode`: Streams auto mode state (either true or false).
- `system_monitor/batteries_state`: Streams the percent of battery left.
- `system_monitor/cpu_usage`: Streams the percent of CPU currently being consumed on the brain.
- `system_monitor/filter_state`: Streams the filter service state.
- `system_monitor/wifi_state`: Streams auto mode state (either true or false).
- `system_monitor/virtual_memory_usage`: Streams athe percent of virtual memory being consumed
by the brain.

### Track Follower Topics

- `track_follower/health`: Delivers health metrics for the track_follower service,
including publishing frequency.

> - `track_follower/state`: Streams the current state of a track being followed.

Reviewer: Listing out all the topics of the other services feel redundant. These should be listed out on the individual service pages and we link to there. We do not want to have to maintain the list and description of all topics in multiple places

Author: That makes sense. I added links for can, filter, gps, oak, and track_follower (15d1c49550da86d19e07ff5ed1274ad4c3d37903). But I left the streams for system_monitor as is since we don't have a dedicated page for it.

## How to Use

> Data can be recorded through the App App, or using the `EventsClient` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data can be recorded through the AppBar, the Camera App, or using an `EventClient` as in the **Events Recorder example**. 
```

Author: Thanks for catching this. Mentioned camera app here: 356ab79d0af823a4e2c1306ff7e34c5943377ba6

To record data through the UI on the Brain display, see the
[Launcher Status Bar](/docs/apps/launcher/#status-bar).

> 

Reviewer: Link to camera app

Author: Here: 356ab79d0af823a4e2c1306ff7e34c5943377ba6
